# Privacy Policy

MTGA Tracker ("us", "we", "our") manages source code ("the code"), distributes the application ("the app") and operates
and maintains MTGATracker.com ("the site"). This document is to inform users of our policies regarding to the
collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the app, the site, or contributors to
the code.

We are required per [Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) terms to share a privacy policy.
None of us are lawyers; this is a document written by non-lawyer humans as a courtesy, and is not a legal document.

## Definitions

### Linkable information

"Linkable Information" includes data that reasonably could be tied to an individual, but does not inherently do so. We
consider things like IP Addresses, data about browsers, cookies, country-of-origin, etc. to be "Linkable information,"
but not "Personal Information," or "Platform Information"

### Personal Information

"Personal Information" includes data that de-facto represents an individual. We consider things like email addresses
to be "Personal Information."

### Secure Information

"Secure Information" includes secret and private data such as passwords.

### Platform Information

"Platform Information" includes data that represents an individual's persona in MTGA. We consdier things like MTGA
usernames, deck titles, deck contents, win ratios, etc to be "Platform Information." We consider Platform Information
to be adjacent to and distinct from Personal Information, similar to Linkable Information.

## Our data policy

We will never sell any of your information to any third parties. Ever.

We defer authentication, and the handling of _all_ Secure Information to [Auth0](https://auth0.com/). You can read
about their data policy [here](https://auth0.com/privacy). We very much trust Auth0, and think you should too.

We use Personal Information only to operate and improve the app and the site. We must use third parties to process
information from any of the defitions above, but we will we never display Personal or Linkable Information
publicly to any user other than the owner of that information. We also will never share Personal Information with any
3rd party for any reason other than to operate the app and site.

We do share Linkable Information discoevered on the site with analytics services (namely, Google Analytics, which you
can read more about [here](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)). We only share this information to
understand our usage history, understand the scaling challenges ahead, plan future solutions, and generally to improve
the app and site. Note that we do not collect, store, or retain Linkable Information in any form.

We reserve the right to share Linkable Information with advertisement agencies. We will never share Personal
Information or Platform Information with any third party for the purpose of monetary gain.

Any and all Platform Information is subject to becoming public information, whether through intentional implementation,
or through unexpected uses of the app or site. We will endeavor to anonymize Platform Information before sharing it
publicly, but we reserve the right to share Platform Information with any authenticated user.

If you would like to better understand how any of your data is used, please feel free to look through the code, or ask
our developers. Contributors will be more than happy to explain, improve, or remove ways we handle your data, whenever
necessary.
